               Mozilla Foundation Committer's Agreement v2.1

In order to become a Committer - that is, to obtain the ability to directly
contribute source code, documentation or other data ("Code") to a website or
repository operated or controlled by the Mozilla Foundation or its affiliates
(a "Mozilla Repository") - you ("You") must indicate your agreement to the
terms below by completing and signing this agreement and returning it to a
Mozilla Foundation representative via one of the methods specified at
http://www.mozilla.org/hacking/notification/ .

1. Treatment of Account

You will receive one or more sets of Mozilla project access credentials,
and/or one or more sets of credentials you already have will be given the
power to access a Mozilla Repository. You will not allow anyone else to use
these credentials to access any Mozilla system. Should You become aware of
any such use, You will immediately notify the Mozilla Foundation in the
manner specified at http://www.mozilla.org/hacking/notification/; until such
notice is received You will be presumed to have taken all actions made using
Your credentials.

The Mozilla Foundation and their designates will have complete control and
discretion over capabilities associated with Your credentials and may change
them for any reason at any time. Your name and email address, or a
derivative of it, may be attached to your contributions and so be visible
worldwide via the Internet.

2. License Terms

Code committed by you to a Mozilla Repository, whether written by you or a
third party, must be governed by the Mozilla Public License 2.0, or another
license or set of licenses acceptable to the Mozilla Foundation for the Code
in question. Other licenses are not acceptable to the Mozilla Foundation
until the Foundation declares them to be acceptable in writing. You will
verify that committed Code contains appropriate boilerplate licensing text.

3. Notices and Knowledge

By contributing Code, You confirm that, to the best of Your knowledge, the
Code does not violate the rights of any person or entity.

If You contribute Code on behalf of Your employer, then You confirm that an
appropriate representative of that employer has authorized the inclusion of
such Code in a Mozilla Repository under the terms of this agreement.

4. Committing Code Created by Others

You may check in Code to a Mozilla Repository that was not written by You,
provided that:

  a) The checkin or checkin comment contains information (or references to
     information) sufficient to identify the author of the Code, the license
     of the Code, and the third-party public source code repository the code
     was taken from, if it came from such a repository; and
     
  b) You make all reasonable and appropriate efforts to ensure that such
     Code conforms to sections 2 and 3 of this agreement.

5. Contact Information

[See contact information provided above.]
